HC-978 Add notes prompting the users to check the docs before powering boards (#60)
arduino/help-center-content: content/Hardware/Generic/What-power-supply-can-I-use-with-my-Arduino-board.md

There are different ways to power your Arduino board. The most common way is through the USB connector available on every board, but there are a few other possibilities to power your board. If you like to know more about this, the different ways to supply power to your board are listed below:

> > **Note**: Depending on the model, Arduino boards might require different input voltages. To prevent your board from burning, check its technical specifications and use a power supply that provides the required voltage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Incorrect input voltage can damage your board. Never connect an external power supply before checking the input voltage limits. Look for technical specifications in [Arduino Docs](https://docs.arduino.cc/).
```
This conveys the key point right way and adds a link to Docs.
